### Illegal HTTP Version {#illegal-http-version}

**Illegal HTTP Version**

Summary

SecureSphere has detected an HTTP request that has a malformed version in its request line.

**Detailed Description**

According to the HTTP standard, each HTTP request must contain the version of the protocol used by the client, in the form of HTTP/v, where v is replaced by the actual version number (current versions are 0.9, 1.0 or 1.1). If a request appears with no version information or different version information, this violation is generated.

**What Does It Mean?**

The HTTP version is automatically added to each request by the browser sending it. Modern browsers usually support HTTP/1.0 and HTTP/1.1\. If a request appears with version information different than that, it is likely that the request was manually crafted by an attacker and not generated by a browser.

**Possible Attacks**

This type of violation may be generated when an attacker tries to check for possible vulnerabilities in the parsing engine of the web server, providing a bogus version number or no version number at all. It may also be part of the~ [Site Scanning/Probing](http://www.ciphertech.com.tw/Datasheet/imperva/knowledgeBase/Illegal_HTTP_Version.htm)

**Detection of Attacks**

A single instance of this violation indicates that the request contains a malformed version. Users cannot accidentally send such requests.

**Detection of False Positives**

No false positives alerts are likely to be created for this violation.